Move test suite to ui tests and bless stderr output (#2032)
rust-lang/miri: CONTRIBUTING.md

In addition, you can set `MIRI_BACKTRACE=1` to get a backtrace of where an
evaluation error was originally raised.

#### UI testing

> We use ui-testing in miri, meaning we generate `.stderr` and `.stdout` files for the output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use ui-testing in Miri, meaning we generate `.stderr` and `.stdout` files for the output
```
Same for the rest of the new text.

produced by Miri. You can use `./miri bless` to automatically (re)generate these files when
you add new tests or change how Miri presents certain output.

Note that when you also use `MIRIFLAGS` to change optimizations and similar, the ui output
will change in unexpected ways. In order to still be able

> to run the other checks while ignoring the ui output, use `MIRI_SKIP_UI_CHECKS=1 ./miri test`.

Reviewer: Please add a link to `ui_test/README.md`

> will change in unexpected ways, so we ignore that output for now. In order to still be able
> to run the other checks, use `MIRI_SKIP_UI_CHECKS=1 ./miri test`.

Reviewer: "we ignore that output for now" sounds like the test runner will automatically ignore the output when MIRIFLAGS is set, but that is not what you mean, right?
```suggestion
will change in unexpected ways. In order to still be able
to run the other checks while ignoring the ui output, use `MIRI_SKIP_UI_CHECKS=1 ./miri test`.
```

#### UI testing

We use ui-testing in miri, meaning we generate `.stderr` and `.stdout` files for the output
produced by Miri. You can use `./miri bless` to automatically (re)generate these files when

> you add new tests or change how miri presents certain output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you add new tests or change how Miri presents certain output.
```
